THERE IS ANOTHER NEW SCANDAL ON
THE PRESIDENT'S PLATE.
LAST WEEK WE LEARNED THAT TRUMP
ORDERED JOHN KELLY TO GIVE
TOP-LEVEL SECURITY CLEARANCE TO
HIS SON-IN-LAW, JARED KUSHNER,
EVEN THOUGH INTELLIGENCE
OFFICIALS WERE AGAINST IT.
HE ALSO ORDERED JOHN KELLY TO
GIVE SECURITY CLEARANCE TO
IVANKA.
AND WHEN KELLY REFUSED, TRUMP
ISSUED THE SECURITY CLEARANCES
HIMSELF.
THIS IS TURNING INTO THE LONGEST
TAKE YOUR DAUGHTER TO WORK DAY
EVER.
HIS FATHER IS A CRIMINAL WHO
TAMPERED WITH WITNESSES, THAT'S
SAME REASON THEY DIDN'T WANT TO
GIVE IVANKA CLEARANCE, TOO.
WITHOUT SECURITY CLEARANCE HOW
WILL IVANKA BE EXPECTED TO DO
WHATEVER THE HELL IT IS SHE DOES
ALL DAY, BUT CAN YOU IMAGINE
BEING JOHN KELLY IN THIS
SITUATION?
BE BE
BEING ASKED TO GRANT THE
PRESIDENT'S DAUGHTER AND
SON-IN-LAW TOP-LEVEL SECURITY
CLEARANCE?
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT, MR.
PRESIDENT, WE DIDN'T WANT TO
GIVE THAT CLEARANCE TO YOU.
TRUMP HAD THE CEO OF
LOCKHEED-MARTIN IN HIS OFFICE,
MARILYN HOUSTON.
HE CALLED HER MARILYN LOCKHEED,
BECAUSE SHE WORKS FOR, I'LL
REFRESH YOU, IF YOU DON'T
REMEMBER.
>> I MAY ASK MARILYN LOCKHEED,
THE LEADING WOMAN'S BUSINESS
EXECUTIVE IN THIS COUNTRY,
ACCORDING TO MANY.
>> YEAH, YOU SEE SHE'S CHEWING
ON HER TONGUE BACK THERE.
TRUMP HELD A MEETING OF THE
AMERICAN WORKFORCE POLICY ADVISE
BOARD WITH TIM COOK, ONE OF THE
MOST FAMOUS BUSINESS MEN IN ALL
THE WORLD, AND GUESS WHAT HE
CALLED TIM COOK.
>> TIM, YOU'RE EXPANDING ALL
OVER AND DOING THINGS THAT YOU
REALLY WANTED YOU TO RIGHT FROM
THE BEGINNING, I USED TO SAY,
TIM, YOU HAVE TO DO IT OVER
HERE.
YOU REALLY HAVE.
WE APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH.
TIM APPLE.
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: TIM APPLE.
HOW'S YOUR DAUGHTER FIONA DOING,
TIM?
OH, LOOK WHO ELSE WE HAVE HERE,
KRA
CRAIG COSTCO.
HE GOT CONFUSED AFTER MEETING
RONALD McDONALD LAST WEEK.
TODAY WAS DAY FOUR IN THE
MICHAEL COHEN TELLS ALL SPECIAL.
ONE OF THE INTERESTING THINGS
WAS ONE OF THE WEIRD THINGS
FRU
TRUMP ORDERED HIM TO DO WAS SEND
LETTERS WARNING THE COLLEGE
BOARD NOT TO RELEASE HIS S.A.T.
SCORES.
TRUMP ASKED PRESIDENT OBAMA TO
RELEASE HIS RECORDS.
I WOULD BET TRUMP'S GRADES WERE
SO BAD HE COULDN'T EVEN GET INTO
TRUMP UNIVERSITY, BUT THERE'S
REALLY ONLY ONE WAY TO FIND OUT.
JOINING US NOW IS THE
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE MILITARY
ACADEMY WHERE TRUMP WENT TO
SCHOOL.
WELCOME NED STEWART.
>> ARE WE ON TV?
>> Jimmy: YES, WE ARE ON TV, DR.
STEWART.
>> WHERE ARE YOU?
>> Jimmy: JUST LOOK, THAT'S ME.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
>> FINE, FINE, THANKS FOR
ASKING.
>> Jimmy: DID DONALD TRUMP CALL
YOU TO ASK TO HAVE HIS GRADES
BURR E
BURIED?
>> OF COURSE NOT, JIMMY, DONNIE
WOULD NEVER DO THAT.
A FEISTY JEWISH FELLA DID IT.
>> Jimmy: OH, OH, YOU MEAN
MICHAEL COHEN.
>> AREN'T THEY ALL NAMED COHEN?
I KID.
I LOVE THOSE PEOPLE.
THEY DO MY TAX.
ANYWAY, THIS COHEN CHARACTER
CALLS AND SAYS, WOULD YOU MIND
MAKING THOSE TRANSCRIPTS GO
AWAY?
>> Jimmy: OH, WOW.
>> YES, AND THEN HE OFFERED US A
CHECK FOR $130,000.
VERY GENEROUS.
>> Jimmy: YEAH, WHAT DID YOU
SAY?
>> WELL, I'M NOT GOING TO
COMMENT ON THAT, JIMMY, BUT
LET'S JUST SAY I HAD A DELICIOUS
PLATE OF BACON AND EGGS THIS
MORNING IN THE DONALD J.
TRUMPETERIA.
>> IT SOUNDS LIKE HE PAID THE
SCHOOL TO HIDE HIS GRADES.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU WERE PAID OFF.
>> THAT'S FAKE NEWS.
WHAT RA ARE YOU, CNN?
I'M KIDDING.
>> Jimmy: I'D REALLY LIKE TO SEE
THOSE GRADES, I REALLY WOULD.
>> I'VE GOT THOSE GRADES RIGHT
HERE.
>> Jimmy: MAY WE SEE THEM?
>> YES.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S EXCELLENT.
>> I'LL READ THEM.
IT SAYS HERE THAT IN THE FOURTH
GRADE, IN MATH, DONALD TRUMP GOT
THE FOURTH HIGHEST GRADE IN THE
CLASS.
>> Jimmy: REALLY.
IN MATH?
HE GOT THE FOURTH HIGHEST GRADE.
>> THE FOURTH BEST GRADE.
AFTER A, B, AND C.
>> Jimmy: OH.
>> HE GOT A D.
>> Jimmy: I SEE.
>> GOT A D AS IN NOT DUMB.
>> Jimmy: WHAT RA SOMARE SOME O
OTHER GRADES?
>> SPELLING AND GRAMMAR, D
MINUS, WHO DOESN'T GET THAT.
DIDN'T DO TOO KIND LAY IN
SPANISH.
GEOGRAPHY HE GOT A G.
OH, LOOK, AN A PLUS IN HISTORY.
>> Jimmy: IN HISTORY.
I DIDN'T KNOW HE WAS A HISTORY
BUFF.
>> YES, HE GOT AN A-PLUS IN THE
HISTORY OF WOMEN'S SWIMWEAR.
>> Jimmy: DO YOU HAVE THOSE
S.A.T. SCORES?
EVERYONE IS CURIOUS ABOUT THOSE,
AND I'D LOVE TO SEE THAT.
>> OH, INTERESTING.
THIS IS A TOP SECRET FILE YOU
HAVE HERE.
>> OH, YES.
>> Jimmy: WHAT IS HIS S.A.T.
SCORE?
>> LOOK AT THAT.
HE GOT A 1600.
>> Jimmy: 1600, THAT'S A PERFECT
SCORE.
I FIND THAT HARD TO BELIEVE.
CAN YOU HOLD THAT UP AGAIN?
>> OH, WAIT, NO.
LOOKS LIKE HE GOT A 16 AND DREW
TWO BOOBS NEXT TO IT.
BUT HE DID A GREAT JOB WITH
THEM.
IN FACT, I THINK I KNOW THAT
WOMAN.
>> Jimmy: WELL, THANK YOU FOR
YOUR TIME.
WE REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
>> IT'S BEEN FUN BEING ON YOUR
SHOW, ANY TIME.